0.  How many different colors does each format support?
    GIF: 8 bits per pixel, hence 256 colors for each frame
    BMP: The number of bits per pixel can vary 1, 4, 8, 16, 24 and 32 bits.
        - if 1 bit per pixel => 2 different colors
        - if 4 bits per pixel => 16 different colors
        - if 8 bits per pixel => 256 different colors
        - if 16 bits per pixel => 65000 different colors
        - if 24 bits per pixel => 16.7 million different colors
        - if 32 bits per pixel => 4.29 billion different colors
    JPEG: 24 bits per pixel => 16.7 million different colors
    PNG: it supports 24 bits per pixel (24 bit RGB but also a 32-bit RGBA which enables you to have opacity in your image)
    
1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
    The GIF format

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
    - Lossy compression : with the lossy compressing, not all the information of the file is encoded, 
        so when it is recovered into an image, it will not be an exact representation of the original. 
    
    - Lossless : with the lossless compressing, all the information of the file is encoded, so when the image is decompressed, 
        it will be an exact representation of the original. 

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
    The JPEG format

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    When a file is deleted on a FAT file system by the operating system, the data stored in the Data Area 
    remains intact until it is overwritten. So in fact the operating system frees the pointer to the file 
    in order to delete the file.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    Create plenty of files in order to overwrite the data that has been abandoned.

6.  What’s stdint.h?
    It's a header file of the C99 standard library providing a set of integer datatypes and some macros.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    These types are fixed sized datatypes which can be used on every computer regardless of the architecture of the 
    computer. The size of integers may be variable on different processors, so some code may result in a 32-bit integer 
    with one compiler but a 16-bit integer with another one.
    
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? 
(Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)
    -BYTE = 1 byte
    -DWORD = 4 bytes
    -LONG = 4 bytes
    -WORD = 2 bytes


9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
(Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    'B' and 'M' which are both 1-byte


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    - bfSize : The number of bytes of the bitmap file
    - biSize : The number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    It leans that the bitmap is a top-down DIB, which means that its rows are stored in top-down order.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    The biBitCount, it specifies the number of bits per pixel.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    It might return NULL if it can't create the outptr to the outfile. For exemple 
    if the computer is out of memory or in case if the user has no permission on the file.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    Because the function fread() reads 1 objects at a time.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    Padding = 3, padding is necessary beacause the scanline must be a multiple of 4.
    

16. What does fseek do?
    Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel.
    But what fseek() does is that it alters the position in an opened file.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    It is a constant which will tell to the fseek function to begin searching at the 
    current location of the opened file.


18. Whodunit?
    Rob Bowden


